<h2 style="color:#665df5;font-family:Rubik-Bold, arial, sans-serif;font-size: 22px;margin-bottom: 10px;">Merzouga day trip</h2>Merzouga day trip: Merzouga is one of the best places here in Morocco. It is a small town in southeastern Morocco. what makes this place popular? It is its proximity and closeness to Erg Chebbi, which is a large sea of dunes. Formed by the wind-blown sand. There are plenty of things that you can do in this region. Normally, you can ride on camel and back and head up to the largest dunes.

visitors enjoy the captivating view of the golden sand. Especially, when the sun rises and also when it goes down. Not only that, but you’ll also get to know how people live there in nomadic lifestyles. Furthermore, you can do some activities to explore the area like Quads and sandboarding.

<h2 style="color:#665df5;font-family:Rubik-Bold, arial, sans-serif;font-size: 22px;margin-bottom: 10px;">Camel trekking and camping in the desert.</h2> Merzouga is the best place where you can do a camel ride and spend an overnight in a desert camp in the Sahara desert. First,  because Merzouga has the biggest and largest dunes in Morocco.

Also, it is known for its beautiful and spectacular sunset and sunrise. The color of the sand dunes changes according to the sun.

<h2 style="color:#665df5;font-family:Rubik-Bold, arial, sans-serif;font-size: 22px;margin-bottom: 10px;">Tour around erg Chebbi dunes.</h2> Take a tour around erg Chebbi is one of the best things to do the explore the desert area. First of all, you will have a chance to walk and see an oasis in the desert. After that, we will drive to see some flamingos and other birds at the lake.



<h2 style="color:#665df5;font-family:Rubik-Bold, arial, sans-serif;font-size: 27px;margin-bottom: 10px;">Reviews</h2> My husband and I had a great experience . Our guide Hassan was exceptional. He took us from fes to Marrakech vai Merzouga desert through the Atlas Mountains. He is very competent and stopped at the best attractions / spots to take photos on the round trip, he is also an incredible photographer! On the first day When we arrived in the Merzouga desert, we rode a camel into the Berber camp where we had a delicious dinner and our own tent to sleep for the night. The hosts at the Berber camp were great and the food was delicious. Throughout the trip, Hassan made sure we were safe, comfortable, and had a good time. It was a trip of a lifetime and it was truly a fantastic experience. :by-><p style=" color:#6d6d6d">Diana kra on October 2018</p>

We booked a 5 days desert tour from Fez to Marrakech with Sahara Merzouga tours, and We really enjoyed our experience. While driving to the Sahara through the Atlas Mountains, we really appreciated the magnificent landscapes and the Berber music played by staff at the desert camp. In the desert, we spent an unforgettable moment. Dancing and singing with Berber instruments were incredible. The accommodations where we stayed in Merzouga and Dades and Ouarzazate were very nice and we moved their hospitality. Thanks to our guide Hassan, we learned a lot about Morocco, especially about Berbers. Hassan was the best guide we have ever had. I strongly recommend this company to everyone who is willing to visit Morocco.<p style=" color:#6d6d6d">Luis T
September 2019</p>